---
layout: page
title: Page Not Found
description: The page you are looking for is not here.
jumbotron:
  background:
    image: 404.png
    position: center top
---

<div id="standard-404">
    <h2 id="missing-glossary-term">Welcome to the Isle of Lost Pages</h2>
    <p>Oh no! It seems like this page is playing an epic game of hide and seek. Maybe it's off finding weapon parts or fighting bosses.</p> 
    <p>If you think this is a mistake, grab your compass and double-check the URL. If all else fails, just blame it on Flew!</p>
    <ul class="list-disc">
        <li><a href="javascript:history.go(-1)">Embark on a Journey Back</a> (and consider updating the page that led you here)</li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/">Begin an Epic Adventure Towards Home Sweet Home</a> (even prehistoric explorers crave the comfort of home)</li>
    </ul>
</div>

<div id="glossary-404" class="hidden">
    <h2 id="missing-glossary-term">Quest for the Missing Glossary Term</h2>
    <p>Are your survival instincts tingling? There's a term missing from our glossary, and we need your expertise to fill the gap!</p>
    <p>Channel your inner explorer and contribute to our ever-expanding knowledge hub.</p>
    <ul class="list-disc">
        <li><a id="glossary-404-term-link" href="#">Summon the Term into Existence</a> (we've got a template to guide your creative powers)</li>
        <li><a id="glossary-404-google-link" href="#">Summon the Term into Existence</a> (look for supplementary details elsewhere to enhance your exploration)</li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/">Begin an Epic Adventure Towards Home Sweet Home</a> (even prehistoric explorers crave the comfort of home)</li>
    </ul>
</div>

<script>
    /** try to get the glossary term from the url */
    const termFromUrl = document.location.href.match(/\/glossary\/([^/?&#\.]+)/)?.[1] || null;

    if (termFromUrl) {
        /** hide standard-404 and show glossary-404 */
        document.getElementById('standard-404').classList.add('hidden');
        document.getElementById('glossary-404').classList.remove('hidden');

        /** build the template */
        const baseUrl = 'https://github.com/{{site.repository}}/';
        const imageUrl = baseUrl + 'upload/main/docs/assets/img/terms/';
        const title = termFromUrl.replace(/(?:^|-)\w/g, match => match.toUpperCase()).replace(/-/g, ' ');
        const contents = '---\n'
            + '# How to Create a Term \n'
            + '# \n'
            + '# Simply create the front-matter and content for this term using the template below. \n'
            + '# The front-matter is is this YAML formatted part between the "---".  It acts as a database row for this term. \n'
            + '# See https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/ for more information. \n'
            + '# \n'
            + '# Everything after the front-matter is content in markdown format. \n'
            + '# See https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax for more information. \n'
            + '\n'
            + '# Please remove the comments (all of the # and everything after them) as well as attributes that are not required for this term \n'
            + '\n'
            + '# check the title as it was generated from the URL, so may be missing characters like "+" \n'
            + 'title: ' + title + '\n'
            + '# hunt down or craft an image, then upload to ' + imageUrl + '\n'
            + 'image: ' + termFromUrl + '.png\n'
            + 'description: TODO         # try to get the in-game description of the item, otherwise make something up \n'
            + 'category: TODO            # PLEASE SELECT ONE; Resource, Structure, Tool, Weapon, Armor' + '\n'
            + 'mod: TODO                 # PLEASE SELECT ONE; Base, Spitfire Armory, Ark Eternal, Primal Fear, Structures Plus, Awesome Teleporters, Other? see modpack \n'
            + 'references:               # external references about this term \n'
            + '  - url:                  # link1: full url to the references page \n'
            + '    title:                # link1: optional title of the references page \n'
            + '  - url:                  # link2 \n'
            + '    title:                # link2 \n'
            + 'drops_from: [TODO]        # creatures that drop this, if it\'s a dropped item (separate multiple with a comma, eg [Dung Beetle,Trilobite]) \n'
            + 'recipes:                  # recipes to craft this, if it\'s a craftable item \n'
            + '  - structures: [TODO]    # recipe1: structures this recipe can be crafted by (separate multiple with a comma, eg [Fabricator, Tek Replicator]) \n' 
            + '    ingredients:          # recipe1: list of ingredients \n'
            + '      - names: [TODO]     # recipe1: ingredient1: names of the ingredient (separate multiple with a comma, eg [Chitin,Keratin]) \n'
            + '        quantity: 0       # recipe1: ingredient1: quantity of ingredient required \n'
            + '      - names: [TODO]     # recipe1: ingredient2 \n' 
            + '        quantity: 0       # recipe1: ingredient2 \n'
            + '  - structures: [TODO]    # recipe2 \n' 
            + '    ingredients:          # recipe2 \n'
            + '      - names: [TODO]     # recipe2 \n'
            + '        quantity: 0       # recipe2 \n'
            + '      - names: [TODO]     # recipe2 \n' 
            + '        quantity: 0       # recipe2 \n'
            + '---\n'
            + '\n'
            + '## My Subheading\n'
            + '\n'
            + 'Add markdown here which will appear in the body content.\n'
            + '\n'
            + '1. ordered lists \n'
            + '  1. a sub item \n'
            + '1. another item \n'
            + '\n'
            + '- unordered lists \n'
            + '  - sub item \n'
            + '- another item \n'
            + '\n'
            + 'format text as *italic*, **bold**, ~~strikethrough~~, `code`, [link](https://google.com/) \n'
            + '\n'
            + '```\n'
            + 'multline\n'
            + 'code block\n'
            + '```\n'
            + '\n'
            + '> Text that is a quote\n'
            + '\n';
        const termUrl = baseUrl + 'new/main/docs/_terms/?filename=' + termFromUrl + '.md' + '&value=' + encodeURIComponent(contents);

        /** populate the link */
        const termLink = document.getElementById('glossary-404-term-link');
        termLink.setAttribute('href', termUrl);
        termLink.innerHTML = 'Create Term: "' + title + '" in <code>' + termFromUrl + '.md</code>';

        const googleLink = document.getElementById('glossary-404-google-link');
        googleLink.setAttribute('href', 'https://www.google.com/search?q=' + encodeURIComponent('Ark Survival Evolved ' + title));
        googleLink.innerHTML = 'Google Search: "' + title + '"';
    }
</script>
